Docs: Person profiles updates (#8271)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/_snippets/identify-intro.mdx

Linking events to specific users enables you to build a full picture of how they're using your product across different sessions, devices, and platforms. 

This is straightforward to do when [capturing backend events](/docs/product-analytics/capture-events?tab=Node.js), as you associate events to a specific user using `distinct_id`, which is a required argument. However, on the [frontend](/docs/getting-started/send-events#sending-custom-properties-on-an-event), a `distinct_id` is not a required argument and events can be submitted anonymously. 

> To link events from anonymous to specific users, capture events with person profiles and call `identify`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To link events from anonymous to specific users, capture events with person profiles by calling `identify`:
```
